barack obama receives the nobel peace prize as a fourth us president
he first stattet the nobel - institute a visit , where he at all for the first time with the five meets committee members , the him in october from 172 people and 33 organizations have elected .
the white house avisierte already , that obama will speak in the adoption of the price on the afghan war .
the money , he intends to donate for charitable purposes , but on a concrete karitatives work he has not yet decided .
he also repeated on several occasions , that it is not only the price for him , but for all , the same values as he .
in many cases , he in last year appeals against some construction proceedings , for the withdrawal of its appeals , he called for by the investors , money in its favor dieleitmeritz said - police speaker , alena romova .
in prague , people can the drinks packages , put it in the south mährischen communities will take place on step and the sortier - waste container .
but it is me , al gentlemen whether the council to take care of this problem inadequate , even if we are the largest city in the republic .
until now , the only point i happen to be found , is the mähren have taken place with the member .
from laziness .
but on the konicova strasse i have seen no color mülltonnen in sight .
but there is some kind of ecology and recognise the brünner socialists likely cold .
the " paroubek " - budget has the money for pensions and health money from
as the social democrats and communists wage increase for some groups have enforced , they expected , that the government the money for the fragile spending , retirement pensions , or for the health borrows money in addition . " this is only a postponement of problems in the future , mines , " says janota .
for all the more money , which left party now was : the fire , teachers , the farmers .
despite the efforts of the ministers janota the debt is so always rise more rapidly and , together with this , the costs and interest rates .
most of all , was also is not free .
last year flowed from cez 18 billion into the budget .
almost three billion sank the budget for various compensation to victims of communism and crime or for expenditure for the court streite , even for the bausparen .
the minister then must save the money portfolio internally or in the worst case , the government budget reserve attack .
their next smartphone will dominate two operating systems
it is precisely this way will the american society vmware imagine , focused mainly on the development of the virtual softwares for the computer .
it was presented in november last year and a few days ago relief for the first time .
a was a modifiziertes nokia n 800 with a ram - storage of 128 mb , on the parallel systems windows mobile and android mentioned at the same time .
scneelose pisten make sorgenn not only the giant mountains - residents .
the people , offers by , the prices fest , but now they have to binding fear that order .
the spindel mühle hotel owners now provide for the silvestertag largely stays just weeks .
now we most interested in the christmas week , now is not yet ausverkauft .
good ) find also the first fortnight in february , the rest of the winter deadlines be sold on average .
the pisten should be within a week verschneit , will also be the christmas ausverkauft , says schiefert .
there is great interest in the polish vacation in janua , and , in february will be the business well - informed the director of the best pec - hotels , karel rada .
a bit weaker is now the february , but in the moment , if the snow , is surely the interest in the de - legitimized in giant mountains , the director of the hotels omnia , erik sporysch .
us : repeat is mother of wisdom
this , he has even before the bush - idea - fresh military forces in the three years by the civil war - ridden iraq auszusenden - as " irresponsible and in their conclusions karastrophische decision " criticized .
to increase the troops kontingents have asked him again the military , particularly the supreme commander of the afghanistan - operation general stanley mccristal , even despite the subordination habits zaudernden protect hart criticized in the white house .
highly problematic on the whole obama - strategy is its plan , the withdraw troops from afghanistan in 18 months , and this process within three years to complete . the whole obama doctrine more questions than answers .
under these conditions , it is difficult to prepare for the afghan security forces , which are accustomed to every day to change their opinion .
the obama - time horizon strategy befremdet by its voluntarismus
the last nato summit , showed that europeans ' willingness to engage in combat in afghanistan , is being depleted .
this question must be answered in the period , in which america after obama is the winner withdrawal from afghanistan .
the senior executives of american bank goldman sachs received no longer a premium bonuses in this year in cash .
goldman sachs , so in accordance with the agency reuters at the top of the efforts , the premium bonuses to combine the wall street with long - term performance .
the total amount of premiums bonuses in the course of this jahra after the agency will probably reuters despite the today angezeigten measure exceed $ 20 billion .
in this year , the nobel prizes , women have won in all directions , except in physics .
the price for chemistry , the israelin ada jonath together with the americans , venkatraman rama krishnan and thomas steitz , to clarify the ribosom - structure and function .
each of these prize has the thesis , the nobelmedaile and besch agreement on the acquisition of money price .
he has recognized the kontrovere his appointment in his speech , because it is only at the beginning of his way , and moreover , at the top of the country is that leads two wars in iraq and afghanistan .
it is adopted , that the budget and perhaps also the remain of janota cabinet meeting will be the themes of the friday .
in his function will remain on its another janota negotiate with the prime minister , jan fischer , on monday .
the link between the government , klaus and legal party on the one hand , and , on the other hand , this is a scathing domestic political dispute , dessentwegen the question mark on the other work of the fischer - officials cabinet arises , on its design agreed the ods cssd and green party in the spring .
an improvement could bring only a strong government , even on a broader consensus of the , could build political parties .
the cssd chairman , jiri paroubek , responded to the topolanek - words , that the budget deficit is grauenvoll topolanek , that the former government had prepared for this year , and the exceeds $ 200 billion lives .
the south africans , claim that the new hollywood movie " invictus : the ungeschlagene " of the world much of the country shows , whose fight and win , despite some criticisms that the main role of an american actor was occupied .
another important takes full role matt damon .
he was in 1990 to free set foot undfür four years , he was president of the country .
the film tracks a true story , at the nelson mandela his forces with the captain of the south african rugby teams , francois pienaar , together , to the country to some . the new president mandela , knows that his people still even after apartheid racial , and remains economically shared .
he had no other goal , as this role to play so , to this as closely as possible , to closer to the reality freeman said .
i have said , if i hand them schüttele , übernehme i their energy , it is transmitted , and i had the feeling , that i know what they feel , he said .
it was a great surprise for him , when he pienaar met for the first time in his house .
in the film rezensionen on the web pages rottentomatoes.com , has invictus 76 prozent positive auswertungen .
the start , but was not successful and called " bulava type " missile , originally the pride of the russian army should be , will be slow the nightmare of russian generals and of the prime minister vladimir putin , .
a rocket , not flies , but leuchtet
this time , " bulava " from the nuclear submarine dmitri donskij , the under the white sea water .
the generals , this time , by contrast , has kept and claims , that you can not clearly talk of a failure .
the almost fifty prozentige success with met the generals optimism and so will continue to claims that the " bulava " even without problems will fly , and even to ten hyperschall - with a total weight of nuclear warheads max. 1.15 will carry tons .
fetisov , his career with forty years ago , in 1998 , has concluded , is at the time president of the cska .
now it is not clear whether the comeback will affect the famous ice hockey player only a game .
the oldest the famous five , fetisov , kasatonov - makarov , larionov , krutov , is a the best and most successful ice hockey players in the history .
all be lifted overtime hyundai gave the trade unions .
but the business leadership will agree with the more than a saturday class gewerkschaftern in this week .
vanek according to the company has decided to change the motivierung kind of the staff for the proposed overtime work .
the staff of the automobile factory were until last week , virtually every day after the eight hours class 2 overtime pay have been forced to work .
the situation in the car factory , as approximately 400 workers , last week , on wednesday , compounded spontaneously for permanent overtime streikten .
in the area of overtime demand to reduce the trade unions , the overtime work on a minimum .
until this september , manufactured here about 80,000 vehicles , the current manufacturing capacity is 200,000 vehicles per year .
this fact überwiegt against the downside , that the link on standard virus - variant not so stark , looks like one of the existing drug .
incomplete repression of the virus - proliferation has also developing sg . resistant viruses are not as a result , against the drug more effectively .
these ties block the virus - proliferation in other ways than all today used drug , so they can overcome the resistance - problem .
hiv protease is eiweiß substance of the hiv virus , for the life cycle of the virus is essential .
something weaker , but reliable
armed for budget . ods went on fishermen los , the holds out
the ods deputy chairman , petr necas , said that the concept of the officials cabinet with the support of the cssd , ods and green party obviously no longer works .
parliament has the money for state officials salaries , for the support of the social services and for direct payments to the farmers .
disappointment and futility
this , he has indicated that he be another überlegt remain in office .
topolanek : the by ods nominated minister irrten not
necas pointed out that , if fischer darür decides to forego the fight against the deficit - level of public finances , " it is completely logical and correctly , that he relies on the left - wing majority , which is now in parliament . "
the ods at the request of the prime minister resigned
when i already on the mandate , above all , i knew that it in coming months bolschewisierung of parliament and destruction everything would be positive , responded topolanek itself .
most tariffs incl . basis - and customers driving labor will not changed .
the greatest reduction in the rail plans district hradec kralove ( king graz ) , as a whole to 8% , forward to a rise in can , by contrast , prague and environment .
the fern long - range in the capital be in the target station prague - main terminal end .
only the traits are quickly and paid by the ministry of transport , as a whole the rail to settling the so - called liquidity loss in the next year four billion lives , genaus as in this year . the local trains provide the whole districts , they pay in next year eight billion lives , with the state three billion zuschießt .
it is only to changes in day net fahrscheinen cd net and favorable internet fahrscheinen eliska .
milli aunt kidnapped today in the southern philippines 75 people , including some reason students and teachers .
roughly 19 milli aunt supposedly hostages used as a shield living in the flight from the police .
in the south , the philippines , in the province maguindanao , because the recent massacre , in the 57 people were killed , the right to stand imposed .
the but on tuesday the peace negotiations with the phillip pinischen government again .
the subordinate actors role of the legendary south african champions in rugby , francois pienaar , has matt damon .
in 1988 , he has the sachar - price , then in 1993 , together with de klerk received the nobel peace prize .
morgan freeman is his own words , after proud of the new film yet .
this is a history of south africa , but it affects every person , he ergänzte .
for the enter the lawn in dress , fourteen years ago , the almost as a sacred is to act , crop mandela in south africa , large ovationen , largely from the white audience and has thus recognition of the white population won .
the cup begins 11 june 2010 .
originally wanted to the fire brigade transformatoren ausbrennen , later , but they has changed the view and is now the fire with a mix of water - schaum and special lösch substances erased .
the destroyed transformator under mandatova must be replaced by a new .
it maintains , hotel and developed 39 chastised assets with 67 transformatoren , with the electric energy in distribution system and management route with a length of 4339 transmitted kilometer .
jan cura said this in a twenty minütigen inteview in the radio journal .
they claim , that we are expensive than the czech rail , because we know the prices of czech rail would have been completed , the last week .
we therefore prepare a charge for the european commission .
jan cura reported already last week , that he several million lives have invested in the advertising , on the adverse step will point out the districts .
after vancura such behavior is illegal and in contradiction with the demands of the european court of justice .
vaccine against pneumokokken free and voluntarily
preparations for the introduction of the free vaccine against pneumokokken kulminieren .
vaccines for free august - children
the first impfdosis must be given between the 3 and 5 month of life of the child .
in the whole , the experts estimate , that the health insurance for the impfdosen 300,000 to spend 450,000 lives per year .
pneumokokken means ear entzündung , but also cause severe infections including brain skin mastitis and blood poisoning .
at the same time is said , that this could be vaccine duty in the future .
the experts on the international conference , was involved in our unification , were not very satisfied , that we have voluntary vaccine .
the ministry of health will not change but the immunization proceedings against pneumokokken .
if all children would be vaccinated , then you might think about the reduction of repeat vaccine number " in a situation in the vaccine is so expensive , we understand the political decision , that this vaccine as voluntary was launched , " says allerdingst cabrnochova .
the doctors vaccines must even buy .
therefore , the doctors vaccines even buy and wait until the insurance them this pay .
the son of the famous american fantasy - artist frank frazetta was accused of trying , painting the value of $ 20 million from the museum his father to want to steal .
as the news agency associated press , reported , the artist at the time of the vorfalls in florida .
labour defended budget - and tax increases
to its main proposals include a 0.5 percentage points increase in social security and 1 - perfect interruption border of the public wage degrees in 2011 .
the increase , the limited to those who is , the more than 20,000 earn gbp per year , roughly 10 million workers will concern .
new 50% - tax on banker bonuses
according to estimates of the treasury someone will office with an annual income of 30,000 gbp to 90 per year will be poorer and someone with gbp 40,000 per year to gbp 190 gbp be poorer , while a person with 10,000 gbp annual income to 110 gbp will be richer .
timms said that he is confident , that the economy by the end would return to growth .
the conservatives , the thursday want to launch a new advertising campaign in order to warn of the " debt crisis " of labour , said , that the planned debt of gbp 789 billion over the next six years is untenable .
roger bootle , deloitte
labour insists , the extra to provide aid if people they need the most , and that will re - examined the situation in september 2010 .
" it shifted the pain only to be later , " said head robert chote .
the fbi studied the arrest of five reported us citizens because of the suspicion extremist links in pakistan .
three of them should be pakistani descent , one is egyptian origin and the other has a yemeni background .
the pakistani embassy in washington told with , that the men in a house , were arrested the uncle is one of the students .
amnesty condemned " abuses " in iran
iran , former criticism of its human - rights record .
the bbc - tehran - correspondent jon leyne , is now in london , said that at the beginning of the protests the highest leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , some of the abuse claims accepted , and the closure of kahrizak - strafanstalt anordnete .
" they beat me öfters ins face , " he was quoted .
the iranian authorities continued rape charges , but to , that abuses have taken place .
in the city park was established skihang
the student john hickman , in the fourth year medicine studied , said , there was a beautiful look from the summit of hangs , but it was also very nice daunting .
after the event on thursday night the snow will leave the melting .
in a time , in the swiss voters for a construction ban on minarets voted and concern about the supposed islamization of europe is widespread , john bowen , an american academics , has a sound and deliberate , whether muslims in a written report on the erklärtermaßen säkularisier most societies can be integrated europe - and be integrated .
he has spent months in mosques , schools , and institutions , now the 5 and 6 million muslims in france , as it bowen calls " islamic freiräume " provide .
can a muslim woman a non - muslim man marry ?
this new generation trying to open the debate , as it is possible , on the one hand , a good muslim , and to be a good citizens in a modern secular society .
bowen is , of the opinion that could be compatible muslim values and french secularism .
he recognizes a worsening of the " values screws " rather than a growing pragmatism .
ice disappearing marked that they , with alarmingly speed and is living with , can survive the anywhere else .
admiral nelsons encounter with a polar bears as brave 14 - year - old fähnrich to see , the only with the gewehrkolben his muskete fought , is certainly a myth , but others are true .
click here to more to know !
in his new book " after the ice " ( original title " after the ice " ) provides alun anderson , a former editor of the magazine science " new scientist , " a clear and disturbing description of science , the arctic , and a packenden glimpse , as the future could develop .
the pioneer travel of fridtjof nansen at the end of the nineteenth and early twentieth century for the first time the verwirbelung of packeises .
but , starting from the bear on the ice to the microscopic be surprised in ice , all of them are threatened , once the summer ice passes , which in the period between 2013 and 2050 .
for him , and the other marines , what the journey of camp johnson in jacksonville , north carolina , the national cemetery in arlington took to election campaigns , was the graves day a tribute to the men and women , in their footsteps it .
morrill worcester , holders of trauerkranz herstellers worcester wreath company in harrington , maine , this tradition in 1992 , when he and some other , several hundred graves decided on the graveyard in arlington to dekorieren .
the second time more than 150,000 the walmart foundation spendete dollar for buying and transport the placed wreaths .
it is as the visit of a family grabstätte .
each round kranz was dark green with a small red ribbon , the part of the upper was getting .
some even according to die in stone gemeißelten name , while others to small black and white place cards hinab chips that had been set for those in the humid mud , whose grabsteine were not yet been completed .
" if i am not long more , i would like , that someone reminiscent of him . "
the society is working on projects for customers , such as usaid , the us agency for international development , and for the world bank .
anti - government graffiti and statements are seen as a crime .
the news of the new york times reported the arrest was first friday night .
the internet use is on the island extremely limited .
on the arrest of a person , cuba is rare .
a activity , in any other free society legal would be the tax - free mobile phones - is in cuba , a crime jose miguel vivanco said , the head of the american sektion the group " human rights watch , " the recently a hard report on the freedom in cuba , entitled " new castro , " , a reference to the investiture of the same cuba raúl castro as a leader of the country , the health of older brother fidel replaced .
pakistani authorities on saturday discovered a supposedly leading head a conspiracy aimed at , five men from north - virginia after afghanistan to send to kill us soldiers , and said , that they hope that this fall could help , a vast network terrorist anwerber uncover , the internet after radicalized young men absuchen .
as a result , they were held on days in the eastern city sargodha far removed from the barren mountains in the north - west , the terrorists have become safe haven .
the fall of the five men continue to be asked in pakistan , and by the fbi - the - the anwerber underscores the crucial role in the identification of future terrorists , and perhaps more importantly , in the decision is who trusted .
because of its potential access to us - objectives and of their propaganda value will it but also as attractive for the group .
tens of thousands of protesters in copenhagen climate - " action "
in a day , as happened in the funded by the un climate negotiations little , thousands of activists with transparent through the city , on which stand in english " there is no planet b " and a in spanish the declared the earth " says , " enough . "
the police kept the protesters from to close to get the bella center and said that they have 19 , individuals arrested , mainly owing to the fact that they were either maskiert or pocket knife mitführten .
domestic center of the congress , the people from television screens , the whole afternoon to pursue the demonstration .
he found , that it from the perspective of the individual abhänge , or whether the demonstration damage would help .
the heart to mathematics current were last week welcome good news for the public schools in washington dc
the current gap between 2007 and in 2009 , in reality of 53 to 58 points .
the gap , the white and black viertklässler divided in 2003 , when the first naep in this district was , fraud 60 economies points ( 262 202 ) .
i do not springe for a range of two or three points to and , said the democratic washington council member , kwame r. brown , the a daughter in the fourth class eaton - has primary school .
rhee said , the district must continue to find better ways to meet the needs of the current weak students .
others say , that the naep - results , whether rhee can continue to raise the question , to improve the overall performance of the system and continue to the extra money and the resources to the current weak schools can provide , which are not little to reduce the gap .
the weak point is , of course , like other urban school inspectors , that they tried to keep the white and black middle class .
one must increase the school on nearly 200 days , in order to have the power to change , janey said , the with his teachers union last year to an agreement on 185 days per year , which he called " a milestone " on the road to a larger increase in the next treaty .
gracielas parents have little high school in el salvador completed .
" wow , really ? " she said it , as their the low professor - to - students ratio of school reported .
in truth of a " hispanic americans of five this " second generation includes the college -- was a remarkable achievement is , as many of their immigrierten parents , mostly from mexico or central america , in the us , without the high school to have been completed .
but advice programme also play a major role , they graciela by millions of children and how they help to come , the college , especially if these efforts continue on a long time .
it is known as gear up - a gang high - wise and is more than $ 300 million per year for local school systems available to college preparation programme to launch , the start , if income in the middle school , and continue to run until they are the high school students have been completed .
the 10 treaties concluded with foreign oil companies of the iraqi ölministeriums suggest , that china , russia , and european oil companies are willing to play an important role in the renovate the iraqi oil industry , which is paralyzed by war and economic sanctions for decades .
two american companies could contracts for complete versteigerte fields in june .
security concerns , even by massive coordinated bombing on tuesday underscored by the withdrawal of us military and political instability , american companies were likely to deter , so said analysts , to invest more in iraq , the world 's third largest proven crude oil reserves .
the russian companies lukoil and gazprom , the main actors in two of the this weekend zugesprochenen treaties .
for the imperative levy elected firms , precepts , which were then compared with the fee per barrel oil , the ministry was willing to pay to increase the emissions each field beyond the current level .
saleh al-somali was one of the two sources of arabs , in accordance with the us , and pakistani authorities by a number of missiles are to be killed , the representatives of the region on tuesday their vehicle near the city miran shah in the province north waziristan met .
the local authorities could not confirm the identity of the victims , but two representatives of the us - led fight against terrorism an indefinite evidence , that somali belonged to the dead .
he took strategic instructions from the top al qaeda leaders an , they in operation plans for possible terrorist attacks .
the pace of attacks by the cia is drones since the summer , according to a summary of the long war journal , one of a non - profit organization unterhaltenen web site , from an average of six operations per month to two declined .
eides weggang , as the obama administration has decided to send , further 30,000 us troops to afghanistan .
the norwegian diplomat urged the united states and other military powers , to increase the number of international civil workers to help afghanistan in the political transition .
secretary - general ban ki - moon pass now , so that he had time for a replacement .
the un officials say that he , the swedish - italian - - staffan di mistura , the recently has guided the un mission in baghdad , and the french jean - marie guéhenno , the un - led peace operations has , in has considered .
he also urge that the un leadership his successor , allowed to hire more personal from the united states and other western countries , the donations for the afghan mission , and said , that this would strengthen their confidence , that their money is used correctly .
us defense secretary robert gates : iran must reckon with additional sanctions
" i one of the things that the soul , is , if we have learned anything from iraq in the past six years , the war own unvorhersagbarkeit . "
iran claims , that the knowledge of nuclear technology only for peaceful purposes should be won .
the international community that iran in terms of some proposals , which they had already agreed in early october , simply are left , has , frankly , the international community , including the russians and chinese , brought together in a way , as it in connection with important additional sanctions for iran , were never gates said .
the tensions between the kurds and the arab majority in iraq remain high , in particular in terms of borders , property rights , and because of the distribution of public revenue .
a change of course in the older werdenden china
for a second kind is nothing left , wang , 31 , said a personal head with a 8 months old son .
the imbalance with educated population , is in rich coastal cities like shanghai , more .
a gradual relief
in some officials pregnant women , the rural regions have already had a child , forced to abort .
qiao xiaochun , a professor at the research institute for population of the beijing university said , that government officials recently even more radical changes discussed , for example , to allow couples two children , in which a partner is individual child .
they also asked , psychological and financial advice to provide for the more than a child .
in the community huinan with a population of 115.000 go as an example still per month only four to five amendments .
yang jiawei , 27 , and his wife , liu juan juan , 26 , said , that they would have liked to two children , and this is also legally allowed .
yes , man raubt us the opportunity to have more than a child .
wang , the personal head , said that it would just like a child , because it was also a single kind . " we were used to the center of the family and , that any us has taken care of .
the age group of today 20- until 39 - year - old grew , so that their parents during the early days of the chinese capitalism experiments fight and they want to see no falls so a life for themselves , he said .
most of his friends are willing to make , chen said this , a time , but not two time .
the by the un - sponsored climate conference -- until now by wild postures and mutual accusations auszeichnete -- has set a focus on friday with the publication of a document again , the for the next 40 years an ambitious reduction of greenhouse gases aufzeichnet industrial nations in the near future , with the greatest burden would shoulders .
he also provides a range of options for the key issues , including as industry - and large emerging - market countries can limit their carbon emissions should be and how much the upper limit value of the global temperatures , would reduce the policymakers .
together the countries could reduce emissions by 2050 by 50 to 95% .
this drive train announced , that the obama administration a harder line with china , as the representative of the bush administration not even two years ago .
the current struggle , equally refers to the rescue of individual economies , as well as to the rescue of the planet , with china and the united states , because of their respective obligations befehden , while poorer countries , claim that the two dozen influential countries would ignore the scientific need more daring to take action .
the alliance of small island states with 43 members has presented a 24 - page draft treaty early on friday morning .
the sheer scale of the assembly -- more than 13,000 people go center and from a day in congress , gitarre spielende activists in nighttime shows , in which they about countries , and sell betrayed the their opinion , and make a draft treaty be passed on to hand rather than by hand e - mail -- is already a challenge .
britain 's first 225 kilometers / h faster train defined the sense of monday new
he hopes , that the new service britain finally to an international overload faster , reliable trains will ankoppeln and scotland 's great metropolitan areas of midlands , the north and an london is ending .
high speed two ( hs 2 ) , a company founded in january , is to present a feasibility study , the government will lord adonis according to the times the report on december 30 überreichen .
hs 2 is also three options for a greater , nordwärts leading high - speed railway network .
a single line would lead to scotland .
the draft for the trains , with a speed the possibility of 400 km / h to drive , which the british overload the fastest europe would .
given the space restrictions in the capital , is expected , that an existing terminal would be extended to the high - speed network .
the traits would first of the high - speed rail - range on existing - range in the north of changes in birmingham , which would continue to be over three hours travel time between london , and scotland .
the prison speaker of the party , was reduced the of david cameron , because he complained about the house of commons " meager rations " members must live , his mortgage increased by gbp 75,000 to a eichenholz - fachwerk cultivation an its second house in rutland to build .
in the near houses have a purchasing price by gbp almost a million ( eur 1.1 million ) .
duncan was also during a recent study by the committee for its previous mortgages standards and privileges , not encouraged to increased borrowing .
in april , its claims to more than gbp 1,800 ( 2,000 euro ) per month .
duncan lost his post as opposition leader of the lower house in september , after a undercover - reporters him raised , when he said , after the spending scandal that members of parliament " of meager rations would " life .
the member of parliament , millionaire from his earlier career as ölgroß traders , was the first time in may , when it became clear that he attacked for his spending thousands of gbp for his garden eingefordert had before he with the fees office abgeklärt had , that this " could be seen as excessive demand . "
everything is totally transparent and is strictly within the rules , is approved and everything .
" beyond , " an alternative church group , the spiritual discoveries be by creativity , has invited 24 owners , their hütten with christmas december for every day integrate to dekorieren than issue .
he said : " we want to make religion more important for the people in a post - christian society again .
strong mobilization in copenhagen and in the world for the climate .
the incidents in the danish capital found a brief time after the train vorbeigangen is , as a group of 300 protesters , quite in sub - saharan gekleidet , windows with cobblestones and hämmer had crushed , a journalist afp .
the more peaceful train parliament is in the direction of bella centers have gone , where the negotiations took place .
about 3,000 people , most of them with sky blue rain coats , have a first gathering organized the morning , because they are the friends of the earth followed the call made in copenhagen , " blue tides " for the " climate justice " to form .
for the first time in the history of the climate diplomacy , founded in 1992 , with the adoption of the un agreement , the movement of globalization has critics closer the environmental organizations .
in manila there were some hundreds of people , mostly students in red marschiert are and bandanas gehisst have , in which they have the sun energy gerühmt .
the separatist abkhazia has its elected president , georgia denounces , that it is a " streich " handle .
turnout fraud some hours before the wahllokal closure around 58 % , according to the abchasischen electoral commission responsible .
in turn bereut the georgian president mikheil saakachvili that abkhazia now under rus certain total occupation is , his press speaker , manana manjgaladze , declared .
it was one of the wählenden , in a phase , in a school in the capital to the election was soukhoumi , with a few palm - before the vote , a wonderful weisses building entrance .
we , the abkazian , people are grateful , he has said in a small celebration , as a reference to the support of moscow , especially regarding the decision to recognize abkhazia independence .
a majority of 50% plus a voice is necessary to win the election .
three thousand people according to police , hundred thousand according to the organizers have demonstrated in the danish capital in the afternoon cold , by the december 18 welcomes the delegates from 193 countries die in search of a agreement , which must enter into force on 1 january 2013 , are .
some moments after the war , a group of protesters has drawn over , the very in black and with back stones and were armed with hämmern were , started , targets vested strike , a journalist afp .
" we have the extreme groups in the grip , " declared the speaker of the police , henrik jakobsen forces , while the helicopter order kreisten in the air .
" today we are on the streets to demand that the environmental debt the people of the south be repaid , " declared the activist lidy nacpil the jubilee south coalition of the philippines in copenhagen .
the french members of the european parliament and globalization critics josé bové , told afp , he was after copenhagen , " to combine the climate justice and social justice . " " more today there is no difference between the fight against global warming and the fight for another world . "
in manila have several hundred people , in the majority students , red gekleidet with bandanas , from the city administration made the philippine capital for the solar energy advertising .
the subjects geography and history , according to chatel strengthened from the school reform of the lycéen .
the economic , social , and the literary profile ( it ) and l " must not be under the profile of the scientific , " he used fort . he highlighted this : " i have not yet many historians and intellectuals , over the lack of history - geographical education in the terminale on technical lyceen outraged . "
the minister said , that they are in master 2 ( m 2 ) at the beginning of the year of expertise - suitability examination and at the end of the year of approval test , in which their teaching skills will be examined .
he confirmed once again , that he would like to abolish the school card " by 2012 " .
man , which would like to do something to the people and the sense in them raises , want to learn to more declared edouard hannezo , 22 years , and one of the organizers of this day , on the verge of conference . the term this event goes back to the name , the students have been the fish in the bassin school .
the of these conferences gedrehten videos from the 15 . december online on the side of school to be found .
the union of penal officials 2 ( " fo - pénitentiaire " ) , the staff , which have no service , called on tuesday morning before the penal center to demonstrate and to block them to the " theft of what you are aware , " to make .
as the justice ministry at night , michèle alliot - marie the trade unions have the penal officials sent a letter , in which will guarantee that the payment next month .
" this is an absolute scandal , " by the inter - regional trade union fo in marseille , and presages , an " all gatherings and ups " to new instructions to boycott .
in any case , however , it is wrong , konstatiert the secretary - general of the ufap , jean - françois forget .
even bo , the small vierbeinige appendage of family , will be with of the game .
during this einstündigen broadcast in what atmosphere with the well - known television moderatorin barack obama during his campaign so strongly supported had also , the president and his wife spoke about gifts they had most loved as a child .
the first lady reminded , in turn , an their puppen house .
the 66 - year - old rock musicians , in the night of wednesday relating to thursday in hospital cedars - sinaï operates in los angeles again , after the american doctors " damage as a result of the operation of a bandscheiben vorfalls , " he had suffered 26 november in paris , had found , so its production firm in paris , the added , that this damage would have made a renewed operation needed .
there was neither a confirmation nor a comment on afp demand by the company of production .
this stand on thursday night for comments to rtl not available .
on wednesday evening confirmed the producer of sängers , jean - claude camus , that johnny hallyday " good on the antibiotics reagiere " and that " the infection is contained . "
in late september , the singer as envisaged his long " tour 66 " as a departure tour .
the french frédérick bousquet , three medal winners in the world cup swimming in 2009 , an international on thursday title about his favorite distance , 50m freistil , in the euro - 2009 on the short in istanbul , railways .
in one of the two king distances in swim , 50m - freistil , claimed the 28 - year - old frenchman in 20.53 sec . in a final with ten schwimmern am start eight ( usually ) - a premiere at international level .
with 238 world record since february 2008 , end these combinations their epos in istanbul , the 1999 in the same contest first began .
i knew , that i cannot gain weltrekord today , but i have met my title defended and my job . "
these two meters platte is long and 63 cm high . they comes from the iii century after christus and was always with 150,000 assessed by $ 250,000 .
the discovery of these historical of marble largely by emile zola goes far .
zelayas exit attempt from honduras direction mexico has been thwarted
the coup - government wanted to mean m. zelaya to " necessary " and for him to political asylum abroad under escort request .
the mexican message has submitted a request for escort us that , unfortunately , but we cannot accept , because they do not ask for asylum includes , had on wednesday oscar raul matute , interior minister - government , the coup against the honduran radio hrn .
brazil 's foreign minister celso amorim criticized the position of the coup - government .
he relies these imprisoned for treason , he will , he is accused of the judiciary , so the coup - government .
wall street in the us recovery , the trade balance feeds optimism
there is good news from different industries , ruled lindsey piegza of ftn financial .
by contrast , the analysts had expected with a deficit growth .
but is the central value of new job seekers fallen during the last four weeks " to the bottom of the year , " emphasized scott marcouiller of wells fargo advisors .
some hundreds , an partisanen of cuba 's power on thursday in havana for the purposes of the world have human rights day together gekommenen wives of political prisoners booed and as another rally useless , a good result , dozen dissidents arrested temporarily .
a similar demonstration against the " damen in weiss " on the eve of in havana scenes , it had neither to injured noch zu arrests .
as a candidate domestic on the part of the european parliament in 2005 , the sakharov prize " damen in weiss " a not for the purposes of " please approved was the release of all political prisoners , whose number organized around 200 people , according to dissidents list , " declared laura pollan , one of the leaders , whose husband hector maceda a $ 20 years in prison absitzt .
the led by a single party , the communist party , cuba is regelmässig of european or american ngos , accused of vilification of rights and freedoms , in particular the freedom of expression .
the old man , born in the years of 1929 , is a responsible according to the police syndikats alliance in the hospital violations of the consequences of its impose .
according to the other sources of injured in mortal danger because , in him , police , apparently vital organs were affected .
the scenario remained at night in the dark .
three young people tried intervene .
this has happened in one of the main schlagadern of clichy - la - garenne scenes , where a number of transactions .
the state police forces arrested schliesslich the man who have no card securities in contributed .
a source of police schliesst not , that he will rushed into a nerve heil center .
the lawyer of franco - polish filmmaker roman polanski has the repeated male on thursday in los angeles ( california , western united states ) called for , the prosecution against his clients , now in his place of residence in switzerland because of a customs verstosses of more than 30 years ago on trial , fallen .
this debate was in the documentary " roman polanski : wanted and desired " ( roman polanski : and farsighted when ) has been raised , specifically the question the prosecutor david wells .
the 76 - year - old director fled the us was in 1978 and before the announcing the strafmaßes because " illegal sexual relations " with a minors of 13 years ago .
their opinion " requests the filmmaker the court has fallen by a and despises its authority . "
they reminded , that their klientin it no longer tolerate would , by any revival of the affaire polanski harassed and to be added : " no one in this area can say , that this procedure to war .
wall street is held back by the rise in the dollar and without course .
" frankly , is the market rather calm , " mace look silver of marble head asset management .
and improved significantly in december to continue to has the confidence of the american consumer 73,4 to 67,4 in the last month , according to index vorschau the university of michigan .
the return of the treasury bond for 10 years is on wednesday evening to 3,540 % to 3,482 % increased and the bond for 30 years on 4,497 % to 4,492 % of the previous day .
miss japan eruza sasaki , perla beltran acosta from mexico , mariatu kargbo from sierra leone , kaiane aldorino from gilbratar and yanbing ma from canada were over their african aufenthalts to miss sportive or miss topmodel .
this competition will take place for the ninth time in south africa and will on saturday , 17 p.m. ( 15 p.m. central european time ) from mid rand , north of johannesburg , live .
for the young russin was their second residence in south africa by many experience trades with candidate domestic and rediscovering marked by " staggering settings " .
we are ambassador domestic of our country and i would like to come home with the crown , raises miss india with a broad smile .
south africa has shown that the world with a little to überbietenden herzlichkeit and pride to receive weiss , yuliya morley insured , chairman of the miss world .
but their best memory remains undoubtedly auslosung in cape town ( southwest ) to football world cup in june 2010 , a kind of the country , for this event something more to promote .
the news to johnny hallyday are very positive , " " assured his son david on friday in his arrival at the airport of los angeles , where he visited his father , the is there for a few days in hospital .
the singer , " this was a artificial night in los angeles in a coma to , in order to be able to carry out its strong to relieve pain and treatment , announced the press services .
the head of the department of orthopädische and dream ato logical surgery in hôpital pitié - salpêtrière , yves catoné , announced that he would visit the singer on monday in the hospital in los angeles .
i have heard , that man is perhaps a court proceedings , he said .
dr stéphane delajoux is in the artist milieu very well known .
me olivier metzner , lawyer doctors chamber , him as " a man has no qualms , " the " has regularly to take responsibility for the chamber board " and " anything other than recommend is value . "
in any case , the tournee seems the sängers , whose health problems , since letzem summer äufen , in question .
hervé morin announcing publicly his intention to this udf - to take siegel , because he is , of the opinion that françois bayrou , to defend this political legacy after he would not worthy of the left would have been the hand .
they have in the last few days many declarations , that they would propose their political movement , the udf - siegelzu + , take up the parties alliance wrote in a , of 19 of the 24 office members signed letter , including françois bayrou , and marielle de sarnez , the party modem as well as the senator jean arthuis the centrist alliance .
if they refuse to this , we will lawsuit against them , to give the law respect and to the legitimate rights to defend the udf members , warned the signatories .
as regards hervé de charette , so , the business here on , " he was at the time , as he has requested the brand name , not more member of the udf " but the ump have been three years .
the court of nanterre has decided on friday , the artist françois - marie banier to judge to determine whether he , like the daughter of milliardärin liliane beds court claims , a weak moment of exploited eighty years has , in order to erschleichen a part of their wealth .
the heir and main aktionärin of l'oréal has been refused to undergo to such an investigation , especially not under the , while the investigation of the state prosecutor submitted by nanterre conditions .
what the lawyer of françoise beds court - meyers , me olivier metzner is concerned , it is very satisfied with the court 's decision .
although the court should examine the admissibility of the lawsuit initiated by mrs beds court - meyers , the lawyers on friday plaidoyers have led to a large family debacle .
the prosecutor 's office of the opinion nanterre is again , so that the petitioner had no right to respond to their amendment , especially because a guardianship judges in the last few days , has rejected a gerichtliches protection proceedings against their mother .
managers - revolution or the end of the strategic early enlightenment ?
a demobilisation the staff can lead to a lethal demoralisierung .
we therefore demand a plant revolution that would be , the staff in denmittel beside the point of the concerns of the company equal to customers .
- first , because i could say that the entire framework with a new situation after many umwegen finally anlangt , primarily , to do the ... . it was always has done .
they take by intellectuals comfort the old behaviorist theory , the recently by the us " neuroscience " and revived unwissentlich was far - reaching of research institutions , and by the media .
it is , in any consideration to integrate a fundamental protocol or practice of governance : for wage earners , the commitment to the company is only possible if clearly seems as a means to realize a part of their dreams , ehrgeizes and projects .
so they create a fertile ground for the developmental a robust and efficient economic intelligence is cheap .
i appreciate , what he said , palin declared that the face of right - wing of the republican party in the newspaper us today and added , that they even the issue of a " sometimes necessary " war in their just published memoirs to have brought language .
another opponents of obama , newt gingrich , was the opinion , the präsdent have done in oslo " very good work " .
for michael gerson , former writers of george w. bush and now editor " in the washington post , obama has a very american " speech .
packaged man the war under the guise of justice , the massacre of the innocent simply justify , he warns .
the new york times , is the view that obama called " the necessary discourse , " and his speech as " bleak and also exemplary . "
after a second negotiating night separated the pressing early on friday morning in the hope that the agreement on late this morning to sign quickly .
the agreement is a wage increase to 4% for the lowest wages ( local and regional road transport 2.9% ) and % for the highest wage groups ( international transport ) .
" it is likely always some unruly , however , the with the agreement are not satisfied , " he added .
richard jaubert ( cgt ) , in this regard , about " a acceptable compromise . "
the signature of the tlf allows , that the agreement for the first to this organisation affiliated companies , and that it is then work in the event of a expansion by the minister for the whole profession .
the state secretary for transport forced us to negotiate , as soon as possible , but not on the basis of a common analysis , but to the member - esser an the approaching christmas not to verdrießen days , the unostra .
to this important shopping weekend before christmas fuhren between 10:00 and 20:00 p.m. no trains . on the central route ( between la défense and nation ) was merely one of two trains and outside the central route only one of four trains ready .
the range part of the ratp combines the places saint - germain - en - laye and nanterre and boissy - saint - léger and marne - la - vallée .
in boissy - saint - léger ( val - de - marne ) declared jack nbakina , engineering ( 29 ) , he would be extra " one and a half hours previously stood up to on time to get to work . "
the rer - business leaders , the specific negotiating a protocol on the line rer a about all the relevant aspects , working hours , professional laufbahnen etc. .
this shows the also associations , that the company " the weeks end drivers ignored . "
the associations demand a wage premium of eur 120 ( unsa ) to 150 , of which are variable ( eur 30 cgt , fo , cfdt , sud , indépendants ) . moreover , they lament the deterioration in the working conditions on this route , are on the daily million travelers .
this decision threatens the work of the government to enormously difficult , which sought to the kurdish community the hand to rich , to put an end to the for 25 years of conflicts .
the dtp now has 21 seats in parliament ( from 550 ) .
the party insured , " to have no connection to the pkk " , but refuses to call this as a terrorist organization and calls to negotiations on the government .
the order forces tränengas grenades , and water launchers , as the protesters began , molotov cocktails and stones .
the government , consisting of a party that emerged from the islamist movement is also regretted , the decision .
" you can obviously a response to the pkk , " he adds .
not only because he wants to the citizens harass , says the winter service head of the fes .
this is the fes after a precise plan .
the service of the fes begins morning at three p.m.
then we have a problem , the winter service head says , " because then none is willing to make the streu vehicles place . "
at five morning power , fußvolk fes on the path to the dangers and transitions are primarily geräumt .
in this will also need caused by the police .
but tawa hallae was one of the first dinosaurs with this body characteristics , reports sterling nesbitt of the university of texas in austin and colleagues in the journal science of thursday .
in 2006 nesbitt and other paläontologen began with a grabung on the ghost ranch in the north new mexicos .
fund confirmed theories about dino - early history
this fund is not particularly spectacularly , but he confirmed some theories about the early history of dinosaurs , says about martin sander of the university bonn .
after the analysis of nesbitt and his colleagues is tawa hallae a original theropode .
in tawa hallae were also the bone deformities , apparently partly filled with air .
so far , because the primitivsten known dinosaurs lived in south america , conclude researchers , that the echsen there first appeared .
we believe , that there was at least three waves of migration after north america , says alan turner from the american museum of natural history in new york , a co - the science study .
as the dinosaurs managed to the dominant land from a relatively rare sides line of reptiles stamms vertebrates of the earth to develop middle ages , is still mysterious .
there are two hypotheses , in order to explain this exchange , martin sander says .
150 million years later gave a meteoriten probability of a group of animals to blüte , which is also in the trias entwickeltet had and has a shadow life fristete : the mammals .
teachers from naples are , from quebec , edinburgh , new york , sao paulo , berlin or bremen .
uni - president werner müller - estler had the of students and teachers in education strike occupied building in the last week rooms , because walls and works of art beschmiert had been .
the exclusive focus on the deligitimierung serve vandalism , " and " criminalization of protest and lenke from the content .
protest legitimacy
we are grateful to the uni president .
the cdu is on the pretext to ensure that the bemalte walls to criminalize protest , said janine wissler ( left ) .
long years was it as a secret city , for western visitors inaccessible .
ever since september 2008 had representatives selenograds contacts with the frankfurt science location riedberg tied - with the uni institutions , and the firms of frankfurt innovation center ( fiz ) .
scientific exchange
conversely , want to russian science firms contracts in germany ergattern .
selenograd ( literally translated " green city " ) has received his name of forest hill landscape , are embedded in the research facilities .
right so . s 21 is much more than the deeper suggest a bahnhofs more than a monströses construction , the city of baden - württembergischen land capital for a decade in heilloses construction sites will bring chaos .
and that is why the head bahnhöfe disappear : in frankfurt and munich .
head bahnhöfe have no longer a - and ausfahrt problem , however , since there is modern turning trains with driving cars vehicles , and tax at both ends .
cities baulich can still somewhat justify the plan .
then there is not the competition of cheap air .
good six billion in schwäbischen should be verbuddelt .
as a whole sixty larger projects are on the list of the ministry of transport .
but s 21 will act as a drag on .
the cdu / fdp - coalition have experts charged , the more than 400 pages vgh - judgment legal to examine , said economy minister dieter posch ( fdp ) .
the opposition criticized this delay and drive to the representatives of the government , for a revision in federal court in leipzig management .
a precise legal test need their time .
us banks pay back aid
the institutions to europe , the constraints that went hand in hand with the adoption of the money -- for example , limiting the payment of managers bonuses , as well as the entrichtung high fees .
the geldhaus had the height of the financial crisis with the takeover of investment bank merrill lynch verhoben .
in june had already goldman sachs , jp morgan chase , and morgan stanley their aid repaid .
the panel wanted to vote on the personalie yesterday evening .
frey , schächters candidate , the support of nine needs the body 14 members .
because the union majority in the governing council had already been signaled weeks before the election , brender do not want to confirm to in office .
least had even 35 state - rights activists in the debate that the action kochs as eingeschätzten unconstitutional .
he studied policy range , and romanistik .
the greens announced after the defeat brenders on wednesday , nor the industries leaf was elected journalists of the year medium magazine , a constitution an .
thanks to this belegs journalistischer independence could him both schächter without loss of face for the post of chief redakteurs nominate as well as the board , without vote in the suspicion , a more to try to coax partisans into office .
the students in the future should be able to tackle its study also .
the countries committed to common structure targets for bachelor - and master studiengänge more flexible .
now it was first filled with a specific content .
module as content are " strictly then to review , " if " unnecessary einengungen students in the election of the
but this must be all five years of " reakkreditiert " -- was means , that it takes by 2015 , until all studiengänge were examined .
as a single country said so far rhineland pfalz for the development of the process of bologna - additional funds .
according to this is only a single test for the conclusion of a study model be needed .
in addition to praise , but also criticism of the decisions .
the union education and science ( gew ) the bonn decisions as a whole not go far enough : it calls for a legal claim that the each graduates with a bachelor 's degree access to a secondary master studiengang wealth .
more than a footnote to herta müller
for significant except literary aufsehen , he last tuesday during a meeting in munich , in the " german literature in romania in the mirror and distorting mirror their securitate files " .
i am , söllner concluded , " also someone who campaigned against the securitate intimidation not enough . "
in his securitate - acts have played a role in walter , said after the confession söllners the literature scientists michael markel and pointed to the positive influence of the walter for him .
germany is a gemütliches reservation for securitate - have been spy , had herta müller already written in the time in july , having their own acts , 914 sides , had read .
a birthler - authority appropriate national council to address the securitate acts ( cnsas ) was established until 1999 , the publication of the acts was since but more slowly .
the said all power quite openly here in the form of the freedom of expression to express can .
sättigung beilage champions league
war have been a better evening , but tomorrow , the work on .
then it is , in mainz the king classes - to repeat performance in league - everyday life .
the joy of the fulminanten einstand of babbel - successor remained also behavior .
and sami khedira , after weeks of infringement pause thanks its dynamism equal to the best players on the square , the sought - " phenomenon " with the proverbial " fresh wind " and the operation of the new superiors to describe : " he is a man who durchgreift and discipline .
the vfb stuttgart , but especially konstanz needs .
we are not yet over the berg .
also be that free play day after had been withdrawn , appreciated lehmann as a sign of a lack of sovereignty and missgunst .
babbel have a large share of the " success " and his assistants , said heldt and lehmann unisono - and also the man with the plastiktüte agreed .
the verdict , unanimously fell from the point judges .
before the associations of ukrainians was already twice world champion wbo and wbc .
before around 17,000 viewers in the berner arena wanted to the 2,02 meter large klitschko the struggle , above all , with its left leadership hand dictate .
after all , it is only the second boxer after timo hoffmann in 2000 , the with klitschko has gone on the full distance of the twelve rounds .
fourth victory after klitschkos comeback
i only have taken a hit , and i am in this struggle physically very well in form , had klitschko the rapid return to the ring .
haye had before in the summer of a planned for september fight against vitaly klitschko was canceled .
the social democrats and left demand enlightenment by the chancellor .
to kill is in defiance of command the rules of the international security assistance force ( isaf ) gave in afghanistan .
green , spd and demanding left on saturday german chancellor angela merkel , to express immediately before the bundestag ( cdu ) , and also to clarify what really about the incident guttenberg have known .
on saturday were also doubts about the presentation of the department of the reasons behind the release of general inspekteur wolfgang schneiderhan and secretary of state peter wichert according to become .
wichert is now in a letter to clarify the sachverhalts have asked , reported the " frankfurter general sunday newspaper . "
some see in wachem state images and hear voices that others do not see or hear .
but who experienced in wachsein dream like conditions , hear things , and others do not see or hear , in the modern western world is mostly as drug addiction or , at least as sonderling crazy .
even if trigger and effective distinguish may , the vision of the mystikerin hildegard of bingen , the experiences of the new drugs - age - prophet carlos castaneda , schamanische entrückung conditions , psychoses and hallucinations but on similar processes .
the connection of mystique and dream has philosophers and medical since the ancient .
the gravity has no power more about him , he no longer hangs in the room blanket .
laute , vicious votes than they are from walls and radio .
both .
it was triggered by lsd .
the images contributed are cruel reality
also optical hallucinations are not rare .
the schizophrenic is at the center of the stage , everything has a on him - importance .
even in the life to have experienced a halluzination
exception conditions in every human can lead to the reality that he loses briefly , says fox .
we suspect , that the neural maturation of the brain disrupted in an early stage of development will , by a virus disease the mother explained during pregnancy , for example , fox .
if our brain is overheating
while hallucinations belong to the typical implications of psychoses , but also of astonishing many other diseases .
they emerge if areas in which sinn perceptions are processed , überaktiv or too little constrained ; if lacks is overheating or , if our brain stimulation .
in the summer of 2005 is sarah k. 16 years old , they reside in a small town in mecklenburg - vorpommern and visited the gymnasium there .
if he replies , the mitschüler look at it is surprising an - no one else , or hear these young .
a nice buzz is the , it may the young .
often , the images contributed a burden .
let me in calm , they make .
a year ago , the hallucinations stopped .
i suspect , is then under the brain and even for his entertainment .
hallucinations are also images that can arise the brain , so they so real . "
caste advises its patients , therefore , the hallucinations as a special capacity wertzuschätzen .
schmidt - degen hard has been exploring the so - called oneiroide experience form , a special form of dream artig changed consciousness .
a kind of border state between dream and halluzination .
and the zürcher art historian peter cornelius claussen describes his oneiroid - experiences in his book " heart exchange " as bailout of the soul .
will from the greeks on the motorcycle in his homeland verschleppt , browses with his hospital bed in the alps firn snow and is a korean mafioso .
in contrast , i am quite the memories of mental travel even after years and in marginal details about .
any change of the state of consciousness , resümiert the psychologist castes , " can lead to a distortion of what we call reality . "
children should take the publishing with 27 years
both children inherit with 27 years and the firm desire , companies , have said the 69 - year - old the mirror .
you cannot 7500 staff its children vorsetzen , if they are not sufficiently befähigt .
first , he was responsible for technology .
the appointment of kallen serve to " 10 , 15 years to bridge , " so burda .
he had " never world power dreams had " , so burda .
that , at least , it is what el corte inglés has made the recently , a laden business with an area of more than 1,000 m²im shopping center in callao ( madrid ) opened , in which everything is just the body care .
the total area is 250 m² , for the latest considerations and body treatments and for the hydro - therapy is divided on 12 areas .
after show them different videos , as they conduct their training units right .
the different artigsten dekolletés
the singer fergie excessive and has a very complex dekolleté . one can only abraten .
the " live - office " ( logistics to the introduction of the electric cars ) will define the road map for the introduction of the electric cars in the city and coordinate and agreements on the mobility by the manage , coordinate , subsidize , etc. meeting .
barcelona , however , is not the only city that an will be involved in spain , with the introduction of the electric cars .
with this framework treaty would like to promote the activities of the technological research and development in the autonomous community catalonia .
zapatero , " a horizon of calm " for the automobile sector
" thanks to this plan and the willingness of the automobile producers , even in spain in the future in a very competitive industry to produce , we can a quiet horizon for the zukunt this industry molecule , our contain te export industry is , see , " he added .
according to the head of government allows this plan , the emissions in the new sold in the spanischem market vehicles to reduce 6 %zu on average , which in turn led to a " strong growth in the " admissions , the " to 40% " increases in november .
will be on a exhibition area of 20,000 square 200 domestic and foreign issuer their brands vorführen .
under the companies , dei be taking part in this mass , are under other clásicos de mos and good old times , car sales ; juan lumbreras , restaurierungen ; coupe - francisco pueche , sales , and restauriering of automobiles , spezialisiert on mercedes benz .
mazda3 i - stop : environmental acceptable sportlichkeit
the final processing , the implementation of the vehicle , the comfort , be stra enver , the mechanics , which i - stop - system ...
in view of the unity , which consists of the instruments tafel and armaturenbrett , we can see , that mazda with a variety of an knöpfen and windows in the notable colors red and blue , on the same line as the japanese trend toward a futuristic domestic design .
to all this is a gro räumiger and clearly geformter kofferraum .
in relation to the equipment is the probefahrt selected the so - called model sportive nature , because there is a much contain a greater number of elements from the series of equipment .
the mazda3 2.0 i - stop is one of the best compact car his class .
but offers us the mazda3 every day in return to this high price risk new highest driving passport .
our " pe , " so elegant as always , chose a dark " lady " - dress .
on the stra e to see , it is unlikely , but the idea of interest , is still an especially for young people .
it has the same borders , as his american counterpart , but has teaches a surprise .
true , some telephone service providers that already offer specific treaties and prices for stays abroad , but my experience after one already needs a ph.d. in physics and a good spectacles to all able to read the small print .
kindle is another good example of this , in its prices is the downloaden of books and other questions on the internet .
and not , because i would like to buy it .
the fetish color of michelle
it is even if , at first sight , that it seems , that the first lady of the united states had wanted to follow the example of the princess by asturien and decided , the same dress in more than just a reason to bear .
the haircut was also every time different : the hair were put on this occasion than haarkranz high , the previous contributed they die hair .
the survey of 9.737 women between 15 and 75 years can be no doubt : women 75% of professionals see their career opportunities in the labor market because of their motherhood constrained .
" the women in the age group between 35 and 49 years with a fixed employment get their first child in average only 3,7 years after the together , a number that to 4.1 years for women with fester , the longer have needed to achieve this , and the increased employment their together and the first child have achieved only much later .
this difference could also be found in the same age women .
diane kruger it is also value
before it was the last , the this exclusive club were allowed to join the actresses evangeline lilly ( " lost " ) and freida pinto ( " slumdog millonaire " ) .
their highest representatives - mode designer and models , both of yesterday and today - met in the annual award , which was held in london in the royal court of justice .
manuel vicent presented in " the asse " ( alfaguara poker , depictions of fernando vicente ) to the three ig x - rays of documents writers , the him in his literary live ( and , in some cases , also in real life ) have accompanied .
some ausschnitte here from the book .
on james joyce : " the odysseus " was 1922 in paris of sylvia beach . it is one of the 8000er summit in the world 's literature , must be an the north wand upwards , an the wall , an again the new try to the best bergsteiger . "
on louis - ferdinand céline : this writer , the mad cry on , the of the personality of munich geschrieen from a bridge was to be echo until deep in the night of the twentieth century to his literary way hallte . this he made on a trip , on the he from itself flüchtete and with a speech violence before the worms posterity anflehte .
the husband , it with total normality , if they him , said that they eduard vii between the azaleen ausspionierte or the birds on greek sang .
what made cela because , except to destroy the glory of the man , so that he can ask themselves to this podest ? "
add to this the erstickung fit , the spazieren , a woman who comfortable , than they wanted to these people because of the vorfalls rightly wise men , they feared even to their own lives , because if such a wahnsinniger attacked a dog , he is the same perhaps with a woman , a child , make a mr or likely even older with each , the weaker than he itself .
our indignation about the occurrence has prompted us , this incident .
the tyre manufacturers michelin has , in cooperation with the spanish foundation for transport security ( fesvial ) , a campaign to promote helm gebrauchs especially in the recent motorcycle launched drivers , today , both as announced companies .
to conclude emphasized michelin , that the transport safety " is a constant concern " of the company , and , precisely because they as a producer of mature for two - rädige vehicles always obliged to see the their main goals of the development of must always be safer products .
but that good figures are only to time with gro he caution to genie en , because the for comparison is reference data are november 2008 , the a particularly bad verkau year with a decline in was to 60% of the previous year .
so must be to these restrictions , what the result of the drehten geldhahns the credit institutions are still other factors with include en , as the increase in the unemployment rate , or the persistence of the bad economic situation .
the car dealers unification predicts a similar year for the year 2010 as the just past , for it with a sale default ( cars and suv 's ) by 19% expects .
the objective of the european union has decided ma nahme , to improve the protection of fu healthcare , but these because of their operation brem systems can also help to prevent , many auffahr accidents .
to 1,100 accidents
then the vehicle with a system , which is ( on radar or a kamera ) obstacles and recognizes the drivers warns , with at the same time already exercises a slight pressure on the brakes .
while the staff of opel - plant in figueruelas ( zaragoza ) already by nick reilly , the new chairman of general motors ( gm ) europe , were informed about , that the production of the new meriva in the first week of april , will likely on 8 , according to the american car manufacturers javier ortega , suggests , that he needs more time the bailout plan for concluding opel .
it is not surprising , because , that the swedish government has increased the pressure on the american automakers , this is a decision as soon as possible .
the decision to schlie saab the end of the year en , if it is not sold until then , will continue to maintain .
then there was also by the renunciation of the audio - system cdr - 30 again six kilo less and achieved by the exchange of türgriffe by the absence of kilo griffe from substance .
rather , it is the opposite : the case since long we have not more so small and easy model probe dangers that a but also a sense of gro he security in the curves , even at high speed , .
a motor sound taste for all directions
the asphalt on the land stra en , on which we with the boxster spyder , has been damaged , but the gasless meisterte the blow holes well .
bag girl '
the caja laboral celebrated , despite the many fancy players in the team of dusko ivanovic , a brilliant triumph with 82-91 during his visit to the complex fu ball field of maccabi electra and is in the first place in his group after the gro - appearance of mirza teletovic , with eight triple the best of his team was ( 29 in assessing ) .
as the first four baskets the team from vitoria already came out of the perimeter , one could already anticipated , that it on the playing field with well aufgewärmten hand gelenken .
nevertheless , the game , despite clear advantage in the pause even long not decided and the makkabäer vitorianer wanted to remind once again , that not everyone wins on their field , and thanks to the parliament again " hand of elías " they back into play .
the alavesen were in the last quarter blo and english and san emeterio ( 60-75 ) has already announced that they would n't allow them to the victory that they had in the first three ig minutes honest deserves , away from again .
uni caja lost loudly in greece against olympia cos , and the leadership in the group had to b the euroliga surrender to him , and in a game by the defaults by the unicajas players ( free country , lima , and archibald ) , especially in the game , characterized war , was the greeks victory .
the greek team began to be an , finally warm and its superiority on both game halves , while the exit of engländers joel free country because of a violation of carlos jiménez clear evidence and the three even caused mistakes in uni caja behind lie en .
uni caja tried , on the many defaults and the exit of the during the game injured scots robert archibald .
how much should be because of its profils in facebook ?
the spanish are the least paid according to the data , on the trovit by its search engines in gro britain and france .
the most gesuchten , on the internet in the past three months are a driver , halbtags and social workers .
francisco catunda trade delegates , the brazilian embassy in the honduran capital , confirmed the tv stations tv globo , that " mel " wei , the message that he before this date , in which he had found since the september 21st asylum , must have left .
but he sought to maintain this week , refuge in brazil .
the to stabilize markets used ma nahme it was , the debt score with the purchase of assets directly and indirectly of liquidity to free hand in interest rates , the move to the zero , so that in this way , the banks assets to buy abrechnen .
the states , forced to nationalize the private risks and the government debt will rise again .
nevertheless , is what is happening in dubai to suggests a tribal war between the emiren to restore the power in the emirates and development in greece was also predicted earlier .
by contrast , it is logical that ecofin forced the greek government has , in the need to be transparent and its citizens of au ergewöhnlicchen ma took with in the duty to take , in order to maintain the stability of government funds .
the standard & poor 's is a farce . during the bahrain loaded indicators forcing a gro part of the market research institutions , and their preferable to their scenarios for the recovery scenario for 2011 upward to correct , by following the ocde and the european commission , the re - with a japanese scenario for the spanish economy to come , all the promises despite warnings no long lifespan .
after his appearance , on the chairman of natural gas - fenosa , rafael villa eca followed , galán the press , some failed points about what he had behind versschlossenen doors made under the committee .
the question will change by 2020 and should be the current increase .
his view " man long - term clear in this direction , despite some " individual " ma , as they took the chairman of iberdrola called .
paris , london , frankfurt and brussels , some of the most important .
one of the tasks of the center will be the investigation of energy efficiency on highways , and airports .
the french companies bouygues and the german hochtief are its competitors .
in anticipation of the mai presented offers the estimated investment in australian dollar 1.7 billion ( 1,047 billion ) , with in the last phase three consortia , especially from european construction companies made , compete with each other .
the third and last consortium , the in the closer election is , calls lbrjv , formed from the capital of australian leighton ( hochtief subsidiary of the german construction company , which in turn to acs ) , which is also domestic baulderstone ( in possession of the german group bilfinger berger ) and the french companies razel , which has specializes in the public construction .
millions of assets
the underground route them by the office for infrastructure of the city brisbane , and northern link ( north zubringer ) hei en will , has the purpose , the western motorway in too wong with the bypass stra e in kelvin grove ( see card ) to combine on a tunnel length of 5 miles away . it is the contain te ma nahme to a traffic jam reduction on the stra en of brisbane .
he has two fahrspuren in every direction , a electronic toll system , and a complex air inlets system .
the part of society will acs through their domestic daughter company leighton the infrastructure of domestic broadband netztes with fiber optic cable improve .
at the beginning of investment amounting to eur 75 million .
in this way , reinforced alpine his experiences in tunnelbau .
in this treaty is also the possibility of to two extensions of each 12 months . sra . rushmore was under 16 agencies , which sch to this of renfe ausgeschriebenen competition presented , chosen , of which 4 in the endrunde , among them tbwa , which was responsible for the advertising in the last three years .
according to the authority has the telephone service providers competition in fixed and handy through the signing of the exclusive treaties , for the consumer price plans and allegiance programs on the verge of regulation constrained .
on the other side is the subsidiary of the french company has followed the example of other telephone service providers and the internet to increase the income from shops , not emanate from the phone line , a application trade side .
the champions league has sichseit their arise in 1992 to a source of revenue for the fu ball club .
the to win the uefa champions league , not only glory . it is also one of the main source of the great clubs .
the in - office of katalanische champion and last winners of the former europe cups on the fifth in 1992 .
distribution
au erdem those who got a participation - won , 3,8 million by their blo e presence , in addition to the 550.000 euro for any game that they denied .
so gets a fu ball club at least 7,1 million and most 31,2 million in fixed revenues .
the spanish belongs to the first and 4 has allocated jobs .
the group nueva rumasa has yesterday details to buying supply of stock durchsickern , with which they acquire a ceiling between 25 and 29.9 % of capital of sos will .
according to nuevan rumasa reflects the price of 1.50 euros the real assessment of sos .
in a conclusion would be the financial contributions to 611,7 million , while the value of is sos 254,27 million .
it is created a new posts , which is subordinate to direct the chairman of the group .
cnmv approved the presented by the investment society mer public exclusion tender from pater nina
au erdem has been told , that 5.592.778 million has been invested stock fest , in no way to the conclusion of the tender can be transmitted and whose price of federico pater nina was set in accordance with the right strong laws .
not a single accident is the same and the calculation of costs for the parts and working hours can be a protracted and complicated task .
the services providers - and applied for the assessment of accidents and restore collect the information that they receive from the producers to offer you then to manipulate and their customers in the form of a useful program .
according to eduardo velázquez , sales head of audatex , worked with 63 manufacturers and importeuren , with each one of them will the information available in another stature .
in addition , from any model will a " intelligent " chart picture , on the man can different parts of the vehicle " anklicken " .
in terms of the on the stra en fahrenden car park , it is about 99% .
audatex invested 90 million euros annually in the drawing up this data banks .
the only companies , that on a leader who informed about the value of cars in spain , is eurotax .
it includes vehicles , motorcycles and easy and severe industry vehicles .
by contrast , negotiated any insurance company , the thousands of opinion anfertigt , the price with audatex .
you can , for example , to examine how many models of a particular auto brand because of margins in the workshop had to or how many of them in a certain period involved in a serious accident .
the gt - leaders for opinion is a reference product on the market .
by contrast , audatex was started in 1966 in germany and 1979 established in spain .
in 2005 , the group was solera on the stock market $ 1 billion and today , their stock of a $ 2.4 billion .
this purchasing meant the payment of eur 59,5 million for 85% of the capital of society , which could increase in the rest of the 15 % next year .
their main markets are spain , greece , poland , and turkey .
the cars with historical value , by contrast , must be allowed to again , even if they were abgemeldet after difficult authorities .
the database 1.034 vehicles , includes 666 of these are passenger vehicles , 109 suv 's 137 motorcycles , 78 small transporter and 44 trucks .
but audataller is no tool for peer as audaplus , but rather a reference list .
it is an innovation , on the auto workers long wait , as it can choose with it , for example , a door and and the picture then fully can turn the domestic side .
